Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to talk about lifestyle, but before then, after using constraints to
save, you're not going to see that box anymore.
And the reason for this is because we are having this type of idea and it expect us to pass widgets
to this to children property.
Okay.
And then also have the box back.
We have to then specify a width to this container default without having a child property is going to
take the width of this screen and that was why you were able to see that box.
And since we then have a child, we then have to specify the width.
So for the width we can then say double.
Double dots infinity.
What this would do is it would take the entire width of our screen.
Now use control and save.
And it's going to take the entire width of our screen.
You can see.
The reason for this space is because we are basically wrapping everything up with a padding and for
all the sides, we made it ten picks.
Right.
So since we are going to be having children, what we can do is we can get rid of the sweet.
And then within this column, remember, the column can take multiple kids.
Right.
We are going to be using this widgets, which you've not seen before.
It is known as LIST.
It's high.
The list has a property known as title for the title.
It can be any type of widget.
It can even be a row widget.
But we are just going to use a test widget which is just going to say email.
Address.
Address and hide your true newcomer and use control and se to save and then go check it out.
You can see now the container is back because we are not having widgets.
Right.
Okay.
The site is going to be at the middle and the last time has a property known as subtitle, which is
going to be at the bottom of this title for the subtitle is going to be the user name address.
So we could then say my colleague, famous email.
Dot com.
Country.
Try to save.
You can see it below this.
Okay.
And then we can have an email icon over there.
To do that, the list has a property known as leading.
This is going to be an icon we get.
We can then say icons, dot, email.
And how did you newcomer use controller as the save and you're going to sit via okay so lithium is going
to be at the left side is going to be the center and subtitle is going to be at the bottom of the title.
The list time also to have a property known as trailing, which is going to be at the right side for
the trailer.
We can just say test, I'm just going to show you this, but we are not going to be using this.
Okay.
Maybe I'm just going to type something gibberish over here.
You're going to see it at the right side.
Okay.
So trailing is at the right.
Leading is are the left titles are the middle and the email address and the subtitle is the bottom of
the title.
Right.
Hopefully understand this.
Okay.
Is control necessary?
And now we're going to have another for the phone number and address.
So what we can do is we can have a divider or via.
Divider.
And the caller is going to be callers that send or sign any pro licenses and the thickness is going
to be one.
And how did you come here?
And then we could then copy this and paste this over here.
Okay.
Just gonna try next to save.
And go check it out.
You can see now and you can drop this iPad in.
So we know that container light and use control nodes, we can wrap this with a pardon.
Okay, maybe here it is.
Okay.
We can just check this out first.
To see.
Okay, I think this is okay.
And we have to rename this to.
To.
Phone and.
And.
My phone number is this 2348149 ten 6125.
Definitely you're going to hard close to this.
Okay.
Plus two, three, four.
I think this is my WhatsApp number and this country and save.
And you're going to see it via the OC.
And lastly, we could just copy everything over here.
That is both the pardon.
That is both divider and this.
And we're going to pay this over here year.
Okay.
This country needs to save and we have to rename this to.
High gas.
Address.
Okay.
And.
We're just going to say number one, my.
McIvor Street.
OC is a true newcomer Surrey country and is a safe.
And go check it out.
Okay.
You can see we do not have.
Page four.
So what we can do is we can just increase the.
The the heights may be too itchy and that to have.
Some additional space.
Okay.
Great.
Looking great, right?
Hopefully.
Okay.
So we have to change the icon.
So this is for email and.
This is for me, right?
And this is going to save phone.
Phone.
And.
For this address.
This is going to be.
Location.
On this score.
Okay.
Additional comment and you can try and save.
You can also change the color if you want.
You could just change the color.
Close the sea on.
Or sign.
And.
Color.
Cause the kind.
Or maybe yours could be pink or whatever.
And.
Okay.
Maybe that is okay.
These controls to save.
Okay.
I think we should do it for that as well.
Scholar Studs.
See.
And lastly, what we can do is we can change this color, the active color to be designed.
Like you to do that, we have to go to where the customer screened, hopefully.
Okay.
For the on selected color, it's not going to be black, but the sign and for the selected item, you're
going to make this black.
Okay, so every selected item is going to take the color of black, then the default on selected item
is going to be signed.
Like you can see now.
Sounds good, right?
Okay.
We are not yet able to scroll.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.